Adding "Optimize the image size" section with `kernel-slim` parent image. (#121)
OpenLiberty/guide-containerize: README.adoc

You can externalize the configuration of more than just the port numbers. To learn more about Open Liberty server configuration, check out the https://openliberty.io/docs/latest/reference/config/server-configuration-overview.html[Server Configuration Overview^] docs. 

== Optimizing the image size

> As previously mentioned, the parent image used in each `Dockerfile` contains the `full` tag which includes all of the Liberty features. This is recommended for development but when deploying to production it's recommended to use a parent image with the `kernel-slim` tag. The `kernel-slim` tag provides a bare minimum server with the ability to add the features required by the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned previously, the parent image that is used in each `Dockerfile` contains the `full` tag, which includes all of the Liberty features. This parent image with the `full` tag is recommended for development, but while deploying to production it is recommended to use a parent image with the `kernel-slim` tag. The `kernel-slim` tag provides a bare minimum server with the ability to add the features required by the application.
```

[role="code_command hotspot file=0", subs="quotes"]
----
#Replace the `Dockerfile` for the inventory service.#
`inventory/Dockerfile`
----

inventory/Dockerfile
[source, Text, linenums, indent=0, role="code_column"]
----
include::finish/inventory/Dockerfile[]
----

> Replace the parent image with [hotspot=kernel-slim file=0]`icr.io/appcafe/open-liberty:kernel-slim-java11-openj9-ubi` at the top of your Dockerfile. This image contains the `kernel-slim` tag that's recommended when deploying to production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace the parent image with [hotspot=kernel-slim file=0]`icr.io/appcafe/open-liberty:kernel-slim-java11-openj9-ubi` at the top of your `Dockerfile`. This image contains the `kernel-slim` tag that is recommended when deploying to production.
```

> Place [hotspot=features file=0]`RUN features.sh` command after the `COPY` command that the configuration file is copied to the `/config/` destination directory. The `features.sh` script adds the Liberty features that your application is required to operate.

Reviewer: Please rephrase this sentence. it is confusing.
Place [hotspot=features file=0]`RUN features.sh` command after the `COPY` command that the configuration file is copied to the `/config/` destination directory.

> Ensure that you repeat these instructions again for the `system` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that you repeat these instructions for the `system` service.
```

[role="code_command hotspot file=1", subs="quotes"]
----
#Replace the `Dockerfile` for the system service.#
`system/Dockerfile`
----

system/Dockerfile
[source, Text, linenums, indent=0, role="code_column"]
----
include::finish/system/Dockerfile[]
----

Continue by running the following commands to stop and remove your current `Docker` containers that are using the `full` parent image:

[role='command']
```
docker stop inventory system
docker rm inventory system
```

Next, build your new `Docker` images with the `kernel-slim` parent image:

[role='command']
```
docker build -t system:1.0-SNAPSHOT system/.
docker build -t inventory:1.0-SNAPSHOT inventory/.
```

> Verify that the images have built by executing the following command to list all the local `Docker` images:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the images have been built by executing the following command to list all the local `Docker` images:
```

> Verify that the images have been built by executing the following command to list all the local `Docker` images:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the images have been built by executing the following command to list all the local `Docker` images:
```

[role='command']
```
docker images
```

Notice that the images for the `inventory` and `system` services now have a reduced image size.
----
REPOSITORY      TAG             IMAGE ID        CREATED         SIZE
inventory       1.0-SNAPSHOT	d5a3d1b2c20e    4 minutes ago	682MB
system          1.0-SNAPSHOT	6346cf87eae0	5 minutes ago	694MB
----

After confirming that the images have been built, run the following commands to start the `Docker` containers:

[role='command']
```
docker run -d --name system -p 9080:9080 system:1.0-SNAPSHOT
docker run -d --name inventory -p 9081:9081 inventory:1.0-SNAPSHOT
```

> Once your `Docker` containers are running, run the following command to see the list of the required features installed by `features.sh`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your `Docker` containers are running, run the following command to see the list of required features installed by `features.sh`:
```

[role='command']
```
docker exec -it inventory /opt/ol/wlp/bin/productInfo featureInfo
```

Your list of Liberty features should be similar to the following:
----
jndi-1.0
servlet-5.0
cdi-3.0
concurrent-2.0
jsonb-2.0
jsonp-2.0
mpConfig-3.0
restfulWS-3.0
restfulWSClient-3.0
----

// static guide instructions:
ifndef::cloud-hosted[]

> To ensure your containers are working properly, try accessing the `system` service to show the system properties of the running JVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that your containers are working properly, try accessing the `system` service to show the system properties of the running JVM.
```

See http://localhost:9080/system/properties[http://localhost:9080/system/properties]

> Next, replace `[system-ip-address]` with the IP address that you obtained earlier and add your localhost system properties to the `inventory` service by visting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, replace `[system-ip-address]` with the IP address that you obtained earlier and add your localhost system properties to the `inventory` service by visiting:
```

`\http://localhost:9081/inventory/systems/pass:c[[system-ip-address]]`

> Then verify the addition of your localhost system properties to your `inventory` service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, verify the addition of your localhost system properties to your `inventory` service. 
```

See http://localhost:9081/inventory/systems[http://localhost:9081/inventory/systems]
endif::[]

// cloud-hosted guide instructions:
ifdef::cloud-hosted[]

> The **system** service which shows the system properties of the running JVM, is now available to be accessed at **http://localhost:9080/system/properties**. Run the following curl command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **system** service which shows the system properties of the running JVM is now available to be accessed at **http://localhost:9080/system/properties**. Run the following curl command:
```

```bash
curl -s http://localhost:9080/system/properties | jq
```

Next, you can add your local system properties at the **http://localhost:9081/inventory/systems/[system-ip-address]** URL by replacing **[system-ip-address]** with the IP address that you obtained in the previous section. Run the following commands:
```bash
SYSTEM_IP=`docker inspect -f "{{.NetworkSettings.IPAddress }}" system`
curl -s http://localhost:9081/inventory/systems/{$SYSTEM_IP} | jq
```

> Then, verify the addition of your localhost system properties to the **inventory** service at **http://localhost:9081/inventory/systems** . Run the following curl command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, verify the addition of your localhost system properties to the **inventory** service at **http://localhost:9081/inventory/systems**. Run the following curl command:
```
